---
title: "Telework"
date: 2020-04-16
---

Working from home. We all wanted to do it, right? That was the ideal? Roll out of bed and into the office? Save time! Save energy! Save money on all of those boring work clothes!

As it turns out, I like spending the time and energy walking into the office. I like watching the sunrise and feeling the concrete underfoot as I pull myself forward. I like thinking about the day ahead, about birds, about the story on my iPod that only I can hear in this time, in this place, in this moment of being who and where I am.

I like wearing the boring work clothes. I am actually still doing it each day because getting dressed for work gives definition to days that are increasingly fuzzy as I dread going to bed each night, only to toss and turn with pain, but that's another story for another time. For now, I am working hard to maintain a routine and to feel a separation between work and home.

Routine brings monotony, though, and I seem to be missing the small things that brought joy to my life. The move from winter to spring toward summer. Seeing my coworker's belly swell with the weight of a growing baby. Missing my husband during the day and catching up as we walk.

It's all silly.

Nothing is wrong with my life, with our lives.

We are together, healthy, employed, and safe. We are doing what we can to help others, and we will fight to stay locked in our monotony as long as it takes because there still isn't a vaccine. There still isn't a treatment option. There still isn't a way to reliably test people who may have contracted the virus or to determine who has developed antibodies. Tenuous plans to reopen seem to indicate that those of us at high risk should just stay locked away while the rest of the world gets on with the business of living, but I worry that means that the rest of the world will get on with the business of dying, too, if we reopen too fast.

We are all in this together, even if we feel insanely alone at this point.  
